yeah I don't know I wish I could have
seen their faces
the right picture then win or lose a war
you're gonna want to see this know this
picture people went crazy over country
was tired of war one photo almost all on
its own turned that around
hey theories why they ain't shooting
maybe they're all dead what do you think
doc you think they're all dead
[Music]
Khem severance asked me who else is in
that picture you tell them it was me
yeah and pick someone dead they don't
want somebody dead you want to ship us
back to the States some simple things we
want you to say mostly buy bonds you
know I think this whole damn thing is a
farce if we don't raise 14 billion
dollars this war is over by the end of
the month
as far as us being the heroes of Iwo
Jima that's just not the case the real
heroes are dead on that island knowing
he was with you that day and seen him in
that photograph I don't know why it
makes me feel better but it does it's so
silly no sir I can't take them calling
me hero some of the things I saw
everyone thinks to be proud of
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]